Added intro description of what a Proxy is (#12130)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/proxy/index.md

## Description

> A `Proxy` is a wrapper for an object that you can use to change the way properties are retrieved and set, and you can alter other operations.

Reviewer: Thanks @allan-bonadio ! Absolutely agree with you that this needs to start with an introduction of what the feature is for. Do you think this change "goes far enough"? I'd quite like to an additional sentence after  "... alter other operations." which describes some real use cases where it is helpful. 

Presumably you use it as an alternative to subclassing, but I'm not sure why you would use a proxy instead. Do you know? @wbamberg do you have any insight into this - you were marked as reviewer.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I saw this and agree we could do better here. https://hacks.mozilla.org/2015/07/es6-in-depth-proxies-and-reflect/ is a nice article about them, and https://davidwalsh.name/javascript-proxy has some good use cases.

Suppose you have an object which some code in your system is using. You define a "handler" object which can provide custom implementations for any of the fundamental `Object` operations (like `get` and `set`, or `defineProperty`). Then you pass the handler and the original target object into the `Proxy` constructor, and give the proxy to calling code instead of the original. To the caller it looks the same, but any operations which you've defined in the handler get passed to the handler's customized version, and any that you haven't defined just get passed through to the target object.

The best example I know of for a use case is debug logging: you could make an object which looks and behaves exactly like the original, except it logs all property accesses before passing them on to the original.

Maybe we could try something like this?

> The `Proxy` object enables you to redefine fundamental `Object` operations, including getting, setting, and defining properties, in a way that's transparent to calling code. This means that to calling code a proxied object is indistinguishable from the original object, but its fundamental behavior may have been redefined. Proxies could be used, for example, to transparently log property accesses, or to clamp property values within a range.

Reviewer: Thanks very much @wbamberg - very helpful. I'm still a bit unsure why if you want to validate or debug you don't just add it to the original class or superclass the original class. I infer that perhaps it is because the class could come from anywhere - you might not know what you need to superclass if it is framework library. This provides a simple and consistent way of creating hooks into accessor and other fundamental methods of a JS object without having to know what the specific object does. 

Thanks for the suggestion. I tried a few more options around the ideas presented in [proxy pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proxy_pattern) without much luck. Does this minor modification of your suggestion work for you Will?

```suggestion
The `Proxy` object allows you to create an object that can be used in place of the original object, but which may redefine fundamental `Object` operations like getting, setting, and defining properties. Proxy objects are commonly used to log property accesses, validate, format, or sanitize inputs, and so on.
```

Might also be good to add https://hacks.mozilla.org/2015/07/es6-in-depth-proxies-and-reflect/ as a see also

Reviewer: Thanks very much @wbamberg - very helpful. I'm still a bit unsure why if you want to validate or debug you don't just add it to the original class or superclass the original class. I infer that perhaps it is because the class could come from anywhere - you might not know what you need to superclass if it is framework library. This provides a simple and consistent way of creating hooks into accessor and other fundamental methods of a JS object without having to know what the specific object does. 

Thanks for the suggestion. I tried a few more options around the ideas presented in [proxy pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proxy_pattern) without much luck. Does this minor modification of your suggestion work for you Will?

```suggestion
The `Proxy` object allows you to create an object that can be used in place of the original object, but which may redefine fundamental `Object` operations like getting, setting, and defining properties. Proxy objects are commonly used to log property accesses, validate, format, or sanitize inputs, and so on.
```

Might also be good to add https://hacks.mozilla.org/2015/07/es6-in-depth-proxies-and-reflect/ as a see also

Reviewer: @wbamberg I think it is OK, so merging. But I can no longer be a reviewer, so would appreciate your sanity check.

> You create a Proxy with two parameters:

Reviewer 3: NIT: Either _proxy_ with a small _p_, or `Proxy`:
```suggestion
You create a `Proxy` with two parameters:
```
